# Qlue
## Creating a Queen's themed online Multiplayer Clue Game because I am bored af and want to play Clue with my friends

I'm making this game partly cause I'm bored and also because it's probably a good experience to learn this stuff... its probably all applicable for real applications other than dumb board games.

### May 7th
Well... I don't know fucking anything and spent the last 1.5 days dicking around. Basically coded the majority of the game in python on VS but the problem is that the game can't really be played because everyone can see your cards and you'd basically have to pass the computer around and that seems useless. So I started looking into how to put it online before I continued to finish the game. Got onto Google Cloud because I dont want to have to pay for anything but it seems way more complicated than the previous websites I built. You basically have to have the python game communicating to the HTML and the CSS and theres also a Java file in the example for some reason?? IDFK. I had the idea to make the board background in HTML and then maybe I could move the pieces around the board by using the Python... like i said I know fucking nothing about this... so I downloaded a HTML/CSS compiler to start that up and... Idk I guess we'll see in a bit.

### May 8th
Okay... Might actually be getting somewhere. I figured out flask (well kinda lol) and got a local server going to see how its coming along. So far I understand sending data to the HTML and editing that based on the python code's setup. That was pretty cool making the board and how the pieces would move around. Honestly worked pretty well except the little HTML and CSS issues which are the stupidest little things so I'll fix them later. Now I am trying to figure out the screens. So for the main game playing screen I'm making the little card info thing you get playing clue but I am also kinda wondering if I should just make the player do that off the computer screen for simplicity. Its one of those things where everyone has their own system and it would be hard to appease everyone. Other questions involve how I will do the multiplayer aspect or how I'm going to make each turn work... Also does this HTML file update all the time? Probabaly right? Cause that's whats gonna make all my changes visable. Honestly I have no fucking idea how this works. But I mean I knew a lot less last night so...? Maybe it'll get easier. 
